multiplication table
You mean?
Chen Yuanxiao used this to win against Xu Shijie and the others
Yes, Your Highness has also found out
Xu Shijie and the others are now helping Chen Yuanxiao check the accounts.
What account is connected from Zichou to this year's account?
What!
You go and stare at the waterfall for me right now
Any bells and whistles
Notify me immediately yes
Really lost 100,000
Bushang Shu was indeed wronged
Ask Shiro to give me the account book
Later, he said that Lu Shangshu's accounts for the five years after his death
Most of them were handled by Lord Xu
Humph
Xiao Chen holds a stick
After a while, Lord Xu's son came and killed him